In this video, I'm going to break down
why the way that most people are trying
to grow on LinkedIn is dead in 2026, and
then show you the new way that you need
to approach LinkedIn if you're serious
about growing your personal brand and
your business using the platform. This
new framework I'm about to share is the
same one I've recently started using
with over 30 of the top founders on
LinkedIn to help them build massive
followings. And the results we're seeing
with this new method is insane. And by
the end of this video, you'll know
exactly what's working and have a
complete strategy for growing on
LinkedIn. whether your goal is to
generate leads and customers, attract A+
talent, or simply become the go-to
authority in your niche on LinkedIn, all
without wasting any time trying to
figure out what's actually working right
now. Now, at this point in 2026, I don't
often have to convince founders and
executives how important LinkedIn is as
a platform. They already understand,
they maybe tried posting and are
struggling because they're approaching
the platform in a completely wrong and
outdated way. And there are a few
reasons for these pitfalls, right? But
one might be that they're trying to
build their company page on LinkedIn
without realizing that company pages are
pretty much dead at this point. You're
going to get most of your distribution
with your personal account as the
founder. Even if you're not a founder,
you're going to get way more
distribution from your personal brand.
If you're trying to use the company page
to get an audience on LinkedIn, you're
going to have a hard time because
organic growth from company pages,
unless you're a super well-known brand,
is damn near impossible. Even well-known
B2B companies like Zoom Info, for
example, don't get a whole lot of
engagement on their company page when
compared to their CEO's account. So,
founder led content is the way to go in
2026. But that's not all. A lot of folks
have already been trying to build their
personal brand. They already understand
that company pages are dead and that
people follow people. I might not even
need to convince you of that, but you
might be posting wondering why your
account isn't growing, why your posts
aren't getting enough reach. And the
reality is that AI tools like ChatGpt
and Claude have reduced the barrier to
entry and made it easy for people to
start posting content. So therefore, the
timeline has been getting extremely
crowded along with the fact that again
more and more people are understanding
that LinkedIn is an extremely viable
channel for B2B marketing. So the
platform and the timeline is extremely
competitive and it's becoming harder and
harder to stand out and what worked in
2025 even is not going to work now. And
even then, if you already understand
that founder league content is the way
and you're posting content and it's
actually doing pretty well and you're
growing followers and impressions, but
you're wondering why those eyeballs are
not translating into leads, you also
might be doing this wrong. And it's
important that you have a strategy built
out that yes, gets you the impressions,
gets you visibility, but also keeps in
mind how to translate that or alchemize
those impressions into actual customers
for your business. Because if you're
like most founders who I talk to, you
don't really care about becoming a
celebrity. You want to get customers or
you want to get candidates for roles
that you're trying to hire for. So, how
do you do this the right way? There's a
big shift that's happening on LinkedIn
at the moment. And that shift, like I
mentioned, has been the move to
founderled content. But not just that,
you need to really approach this in a
strategic way. And a lot of the advice
you get about building a personal brand
on LinkedIn is just simply outdated,
like I mentioned. So, what actually
works for founder content in 2026?
There's a few different components,
right? So, one is going to be the
importance of narrative. before in 2025
and earlier, you could get away with
just posting valuable content and
building trust with your ICP or ideal
customer profile that way. At this point
though, with the rise of Cloud and Chat
GPT and other specific AI tools for
LinkedIn, the barrier to entry to post
content is just pretty much zero. So,
anyone can create valuable content and
there's no differentiator there. The way
you differentiate in 2026 is going to be
through narrative and personal stories
along with your personality and tone of
voice and writing style which I'll get
into in a second. But the main thing is
sharing stories and anecdotes that AI
cannot replicate because AI can
replicate formats. It can even replicate
that writing style but it can't
replicate your stories. And along with
the shift in strategy itself, the
algorithm has also changed quite a bit.
So older posts are getting surfaced. The
life cycle of a piece of LinkedIn
content has extended. So, as such,
people are often having a harder time
getting their content in front of the
right people. So, because of that, you
need to be more intentional about what I
call audience design. So, sending
connection requests and engaging with
people who you want to see your content
because a lot of times you can't always
rely on the algorithm to serve that
content to the people you want to get in
front of. So, now let's talk about how
you can actually apply these learnings
and take advantage of these shifts to
still stand out on the timeline and
build distribution, get leads, all the
stuff you want to do with LinkedIn. The
good news is it's not that difficult.
First things first, let's go over
content strategy. And the fundamentals
here really haven't changed a whole lot.
You still want to build a content
funnel. Top, middle, and bottom ofunnel
content. As a refresher, top ofunnel
content is going to be your broader
takes that reach a broader audience of
people, aren't always super specific to
your ICP, but the goal is to just
generate eyeballs and get as many
impressions as possible. Bottom of
funnel content is going to be your
product content. So, anything really
that's a sales pitch, so case studies,
product demos, stuff where you're
selling to your audience. And that
middle of funnel content is going to be
your industry specific thought
leadership. And as always, you want to
have the appropriate balance of all
three content types. In most cases, if
you're posting five times a week, which
I would recommend, you want to go one
top of funnel, three middle of funnel,
one bottom of funnel. This will vary
depending on your specific goals as a
founder, as a company. But as a starting
point, that's what I'd recommend. None
of that has really changed, and if you
want more insight onto the content
funnel, I have a bunch more videos on my
channel where I dive into that even
deeper. But what I want to highlight
here is the shift that's occurred and
what you want to do differently now. And
there are three main tactics I want you
to implement in your content going
forward. So one is shift from how to to
how I. As I mentioned, narrative is
extremely important. So I want you to
get away from posting generic tips and
tricks and get more into posting your
personal story. So anytime you have a
take or an opinion, you should pair it
with an anecdote. [music] So for
example, if I'm trying to convince you
that LinkedIn is important for you as a
founder, I'm not just going to say
LinkedIn's important, here's why. I'm
going to share with you a story about a
founder that I helped grow from 0 to
30,000 followers on LinkedIn and it
changed the course of their business.
that's going to be a way more compelling
way to get you engaged to my content.
That's always been the case, but now
that more generic how-to type of post is
just completely irrelevant. So, you have
no choice but to lean into those
narratives. So, whenever you write a
piece of content, I want you to run it
through this filter. Pair every single
take with a story. If there's no story
or no anecdote, AI can copy you and
you're not going to stand out. The
second tactic you'll employ is paying
extra attention to the hook. The hook
has always been important. Again, those
are fundamentals. But now, as the bar
for content quality has gone up, it
becomes even more imperative that you
spend extra time on those first one to
three lines. Because if those one to
three lines are not on point, someone's
going to read the post, not be
interested, and just move on and miss
the rest of it. There's so much great
content that gets buried beneath a bad
hook. Again, this has been always true
on LinkedIn and any other social
platform, but now as the competitiveness
has gone up, you got to make sure your
hooks are on point. The main shift with
the way you want to approach hooks in
2026 is you want to use all the classic
hook levers. So storybased hooks,
negativity bias, listical, specific
numbers, credibility jacking, all those
things we know have historically worked.
You want to use them, but you need to
make sure you use them in a way that
sounds natural and not formulaic. People
are very fatigued of the formulaic
LinkedIn hook style and can tell when
you're employing it. And that's usually
a sign to people that, hey, this person
used AI in this content. So, you want to
use those different techniques, but you
want to be sly with it and keep them
kind of hidden and underneath a casual,
personable tone of voice. So, Adam
Robinson is a great example if you want
to study someone who does this really
well. So, if you look at this hook, it
employs a lot of the tactics that make
hooks work well. So, it's a story-based
hook. It uses a popular name with Elon
and SpaceX. Yes, specific numbers. You
have negativity bias, I guess, with the
colonoscopy reference, but you see what
I mean? It reads it very casual and
conversational, but at the same time,
he's using those sort of ninja tactics
that make hooks perform well. The third
tactical shift I want you to make in
your content in 2026 is using media
whenever you can. You can still do text
only. Not every post needs a photo or a
video. I still post plenty of textonly
content, but whenever you can, see if
there's an area for you to use media.
Ideally, an in real life photo that goes
with content. So, Austin from Unifi does
this very well. If you look at a lot of
his best performing posts, there's some
sort of media with it. I mean, this is a
great example of a Super Bowl stunt they
did with getting a sign in the
background of ESPN's first take. You
might not be able to replicate this, but
that image definitely adds to it. Here's
a more simple example with a new hire
highlight where it's a photo of Austin
with a new hire. Simple enough. That is
something you can replicate. But notice
how again a lot of these posts have some
sort of media with them. Oftent times a
real life photo or video. By the way, if
you're watching this and you're like,
"This sounds great, but I don't know
what exactly to post to help me out." I
got you. I put together five simple
LinkedIn content templates that you
could steal right away and use in the
next week to get more impressions, get
more followers, and ultimately get more
customers. It's totally free. Link is in
the description. Check them out. I think
those templates will help you out a lot
with actioning a lot of the stuff we're
talking about in today's video. Now, the
content is only one piece of the puzzle.
You also need to be very intentional
about audience design. And I mentioned
the term earlier and what it means is
LinkedIn gives you a lot more control
over who sees your content than other
social media platforms like Instagram,
Tik Tok, X. You can actually influence
pretty heavily the people who your
content gets served to. Even though the
algorithm right now is a little bit
wonky and the reason for this is you can
send outbound connection requests to
folks. So if you want to get in front of
heads of design at series A startups,
you can find a list of heads of design
at series A startups and send them
outbound connection requests. And when
they accept that connection request,
they're going to be served your content
and you can feed people into your
content flywheel. So if you follow the
strategy with the content we mentioned
earlier and you also send connection
requests every single day to build that
audience manually, you're going to put
yourself in a position where more people
in your target audience are seeing your
content on a daily basis. [music] Now,
you can't just send 100 connection
requests per day. LinkedIn does have an
upper limit on this, but on average, 20
connection requests per weekday is the
cadence that I recommend sending these
out at. And this is actually a good
thing because it means you don't have to
spend 2 hours a day, 3 hours a day
chipping away at LinkedIn connection
requests. It'll take you 10 minutes to
send your 20 and you're good to go for
the day. In addition to those connection
requests, you also want to do outbound
commenting. Now, do not use AI to leave
comments. People can tell when you do
this, and it completely ruins your
reputation. I don't care if you send 20
or 50 comments every single day. I'd
rather you send five thoughtful,
highquality comments on accounts that
really matter to you. So, there's two
types of accounts that'll work here. One
is going to be ICP accounts. So,
obviously, if there's customers of yours
or potential customers of yours that are
posting on LinkedIn, you want to leave
comments on their content. Sometimes,
and a lot of times, your customers
aren't always actively posting on
LinkedIn, but there are other content
creators or influencers that they're
following who are posting. So, Adam
Robinson, who I mentioned earlier, he
has a really large audience of SAS
founders. So, if I was trying to get in
front of SAS founders to help them with
LinkedIn, I would spend a considerable
amount of time commenting on his
content, leaving thoughtful insights
underneath his post in an attempt for
that audience of SAS founders to see my
comment and then end up on my profile.
And I want to reassure you here, this
isn't going to take a whole lot of time.
You don't want to spend hours and hours
of your day commenting and messaging
people on LinkedIn. Unless it's that
high ROI for you. You really should only
be spending 20, 30 minutes max doing
your engagement. between that and
writing your content, that's enough to
get the benefit from the platform. You
don't want your entire day to be
consumed by LinkedIn. That's not going
to be beneficial for you if you're a
founder of a fast growing company. And
one of the common reactions I'll get
when I explain the strategy to folks is,
I just don't have the time to sit down
and write content. This is going to take
way too much time. As we've already
discussed with the outbound piece, that
doesn't take much time at all. But if
I'm being honest, sitting down and
writing highquality content does take a
good amount of time. But there are ways
that you can streamline this. And I want
to share with you the system that we use
with our clients at my agency to make
this all happen in just 2 hours a week.
So, first and foremost, just focus on
one platform, that being LinkedIn,
obviously, if you're watching this
video. And with the actual production of
the content, you can set this up so your
team does a lot of the heavy lifting for
you. And this applies whether you're
working with an internal hire full-time
or if you have an agency you're working
with on your LinkedIn content, they
should be using a similar workflow. And
you want to set this up so you're only
involved in the most important part. So,
where it might take you 15 or 20 hours
to do content on your own, this should
really only take you two or three hours
of your week, I'm not going to promise
you it's completely hands-off. If you
want content to work for you, there's
going to be some level of input, some
level of work that is required to do
this well, but you can reduce that load.
So, how it works is you want to sit down
with someone on your team every two
weeks for what I call a content
interview. and you're going to show up
to this interview and your team member
or agency is going to have a list of
prompts prepared ahead of time based on
topics that you think are going to
perform well with your ICP. Typically,
this interview should be for about 45
minutes. And in that time, you can get
through about 10 questions if you're
really on top of it, maybe five if
you're a little bit more long-winded.
But that team member is going to run you
through those questions and prompts kind
of like a podcast interview. The goal is
for it to be very casual,
conversational, and the goal is to get
all the good stuff that's living in your
head that would make for great content.
So, personal stories, anecdotes, hot
takes, and opinions out of your head
into that recording. Coming out of that
recording, you'll have the transcript
and the video recording. Think of those
like the marble block. And then your
team's job is to be the sculptor that
goes in and makes that marble block very
nice and pretty and optimized for the
LinkedIn timeline. And that every twoe
interview cadence should give you enough
content for five times a week on
LinkedIn. And then your team will take
that raw material and turn it into those
five post drafts. And then your last
responsibility as the founder is to come
in and leave any edits or feedback for
tone of voice and writing style just to
make sure it's as authentic as possible.
And as you do this motion more and more,
your team or your agency will actually
get more accustomed to your tone of
voice. And you'll find yourself
requiring less input to actually edit
the content. And it just makes the
entire process a lot more streamlined.
And it gives you that flexibility and
resilience to keep your content cadence
on point without having to spend all of
your time as a CEO on content. And as a
bonus tip here too, if you're a
Bootstrap founder, you don't have a full
team, you can't afford to bring on an
agency, you can actually have AI
interview you as well. So if you give AI
these prompts, like you can have it
interview you and then turn those post
responses into drafts in the same way
that a team member would. They're not
going to be as on point and there's
going to be some gaps in them and
they'll likely require some more
editing, but you can do this in a way
that again helps you make content
production more scalable. And by the
way, if you want a list of a 100 post
prompts that have been tried and tested
across dozens of B2B founders, I'll drop
a link in the description below for the
database that we use with our clients.
You can just take them. But that content
interview workflow really allows you to
compress the amount of time that it
takes you to produce winning LinkedIn
content. And then if you do that along
with applying the strategies we've
talked about earlier in this video and
on my other videos, you're going to be
in a great spot to build distribution on
LinkedIn. But if you just want to learn
more, that's cool, too. Click here if
you actually want to understand the
reasons why we're moving to this new
way. And what about LinkedIn is changing
exactly that's influencing what we're
doing as a whole.